# # SubmitPaymentParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payment_id** | **int** | Payment identifier |
**interface** | [**BankingInterface**](BankingInterface.md) | &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; BankingInterface&lt;br/&gt; Bank interface. Possible values:&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;code&gt;FINTS_SERVER&lt;/code&gt; - means that finAPI will execute the payment via the bank&#39;s FinTS interface.&lt;br&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;code&gt;WEB_SCRAPER&lt;/code&gt; - means that finAPI will parse data from the bank&#39;s online banking website.&lt;br&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;code&gt;XS2A&lt;/code&gt; - means that finAPI will execute the payment via the bank&#39;s XS2A interface.Please note that XS2A doesn&#39;t support direct debits yet. &lt;br/&gt;To determine what interface(s) you can choose to submit a payment, please refer to the field AccountInterface.capabilities of the account that is related to the payment, or if this is a standalone payment without a related account imported in finAPI, refer to the field BankInterface.isMoneyTransferSupported.&lt;br/&gt;For standalone money transfers (finAPI Payment product) in particular, we suggest to always use XS2A if supported, and only use FINTS_SERVER or WEB_SCRAPER as a fallback, because non-XS2A interfaces might require not just a single, but multiple authentications when submitting the payment.&lt;br/&gt; |
**login_credentials** | [**\OpenAPIAccess\Client\Model\LoginCredential[]**](LoginCredential.md) | &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; LoginCredential&lt;br/&gt; Login credentials. May not be required when the credentials are stored in finAPI, or when the bank interface has no login credentials. | [optional]
**redirect_url** | **string** | Must only be passed when the used interface has the property REDIRECT_APPROACH and no web form flow is used. The user will be redirected to the given URL from the bank&#39;s website after having entered his credentials. | [optional]
**multi_step_authentication** | [**MultiStepAuthenticationCallback**](MultiStepAuthenticationCallback.md) | &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; MultiStepAuthenticationCallback&lt;br/&gt; Container for multi-step authentication data. Required when a previous service call initiated a multi-step authentication. | [optional]
**hide_transaction_details_in_web_form** | **bool** | Whether the finAPI web form should hide transaction details when prompting the caller for the second factor. Default value is false. | [optional] [default to false]
**force_web_form** | **bool** | If the user has stored credentials in finAPI for the account (resp. bank connection) that relates to the payment, then the finAPI web form will only be shown when the user must be involved for a second authentication, or when the previous connection to the bank via the selected interface had failed. However if you want to provide the web form to the user in any case, you can set this field to true. It will force the web form flow for the user and allow him to make changes to the data that he has stored in finAPI. Default value is &#39;false&#39;.&lt;br/&gt;Note that this flag is irrelevant when submitting a standalone payment, as in this case there is no related data stored in finAPI. | [optional] [default to false]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
