# # UpdateBankConnectionParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**bank_connection_id** | **int** | Bank connection identifier |
**interface** | [**BankingInterface**](BankingInterface.md) | &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; BankingInterface&lt;br/&gt; The interface to use for connecting with the bank. | [optional]
**login_credentials** | [**\OpenAPIAccess\Client\Model\LoginCredential[]**](LoginCredential.md) | &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; LoginCredential&lt;br/&gt; Set of login credentials. Must be passed in combination with the &#39;interface&#39; field, if the credentials have not been previously stored. The labels that you pass must match with the login credential labels that the respective interface defines. finAPI will combine the given credentials with any credentials that it has stored. You can leave this field unset in case finAPI has stored all required credentials. When you must use a web form, you can also leave this field unset and the web form will take care of getting the credentials from the user. However, if you do pass credentials in that case, the web form will show only those fields that you have given. | [optional]
**store_secrets** | **bool** | Whether to store the secret login fields. If the secret fields are stored, then updates can be triggered without the involvement of the users, as long as the credentials remain valid and the bank consent has not expired. Note that bank consent will be stored regardless of the field value. Default value is false.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES:&lt;br/&gt; - this field is ignored in case when the user will need to use finAPI&#39;s web form. The user will be able to decide whether to store the secrets or not in the web form, depending on the &#39;storeSecretsAvailableInWebForm&#39; setting (see Client Configuration). | [optional] [default to false]
**import_new_accounts** | **bool** | Whether new accounts that have not yet been imported will be imported or not. Default is false. &lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; For best performance of the bank connection update, you should not enable this flag unless you really expect new accounts to be available in the connection. It is recommended to let your users tell you through your application when they want the service to look for new accounts.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If you have imported an interface using a limited set of account types, you would import all other accounts (e.g. security accounts or credit cards) by setting &lt;code&gt;importNewAccounts&lt;/code&gt; to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;. To avoid importing account types that you are not interested in, make sure to keep this field unset (or set to false) for the update. | [optional] [default to false]
**skip_positions_download** | **bool** | Whether to skip the download of transactions and securities or not. If set to true, then finAPI will download just the accounts list with the accounts&#39; information (like account name, number, holder, etc), as well as the accounts&#39; balances (if possible), but skip the download of transactions and securities. Default is false.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; Setting this flag to true is only meant to be used if A) you generally never download positions, because you are only interested in the accounts list and/or balances, or B) you want to get just the list of accounts in a first step, and then delete unwanted accounts from the bank connection, before you trigger another update with transactions download. This approach allows you to download transactions only for the accounts that you want.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If you skip the download of transactions and securities during an import or update, you can still download them on a later update (though you might not get all positions at a later point, because the date range in which the bank servers provide this data is usually limited).&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If an account already had any positions imported before an update, and you skip the positions download in the update, then the account&#39;s updated balance might not add up to the set of transactions / security positions. Be aware that certain services (like GET /accounts/dailyBalances) may give incorrect results for accounts in such a state.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If this bank connection is updated via finAPI&#39;s automatic batch update, then transactions and security positions (of already imported accounts) &lt;u&gt;will&lt;/u&gt; be downloaded in any case!&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; For security accounts, skipping the downloading of the securities might result in the account&#39;s balance also not being downloaded.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; For Bausparen accounts, this field is ignored. finAPI will always download transactions for Bausparen accounts.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] [default to false]
**load_owner_data** | **bool** | Whether to load/refresh information about the bank connection owner(s) - see field &#39;owners&#39;. Default value is &#39;false&#39;. Note that owner data is NOT loaded/refreshed during finAPI&#39;s automatic bank connection update. | [optional] [default to false]
**account_types** | [**AccountType[]**](AccountType.md) |  | [optional]
**account_references** | [**\OpenAPIAccess\Client\Model\AccountReference[]**](AccountReference.md) | &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; AccountReference&lt;br/&gt; List of accounts for which access is requested from the bank. It may only be passed if the bank interface has the DETAILED_CONSENT property set. if omitted, finAPI will use the list of existing accounts. Note that the parameter is still required if you want to import new accounts (i.e. call with importNewAccounts&#x3D;true). | [optional]
**redirect_url** | **string** | Must only be passed when the used interface has the property REDIRECT_APPROACH and no web form flow is used. The user will be redirected to the given URL from the bank&#39;s website after having entered his credentials. | [optional]
**force_web_form** | **bool** | If the user has stored credentials in finAPI for the selected bank connection, then the finAPI web form will only be shown when the user must be involved for a second authentication, or when the previous connection to the bank via the selected interface had failed. However if you want to provide the web form to the user in any case, you can set this field to true. It will force the web form flow for the user and allow him to make changes to the data that he has stored in finAPI. Default value is &#39;false&#39;. | [optional] [default to false]
**multi_step_authentication** | [**MultiStepAuthenticationCallback**](MultiStepAuthenticationCallback.md) | &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; MultiStepAuthenticationCallback&lt;br/&gt; Container for multi-step authentication data. Required when a previous service call initiated a multi-step authentication. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
