# # UserUpdateParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**email** | **string** | User&#39;s new email address. Maximum length is 320. Pass an empty string (\&quot;\&quot;) if you want to clear the current email address. | [optional]
**phone** | **string** | User&#39;s new phone number. Maximum length is 50. Pass an empty string (\&quot;\&quot;) if you want to clear the current phone number. | [optional]
**is_auto_update_enabled** | **bool** | Whether the user&#39;s bank connections will get updated in the course of finAPI&#39;s automatic batch update. Note that the automatic batch update will only update bank connections where all of the following applies:&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; - a valid consent exists OR the PIN is stored in finAPI for the bank connection, and the related bank does not have volatile PINs (see the &#39;isVolatile&#39; flag of the &#39;loginCredentials&#39;)&lt;br/&gt; - the user has accepted the latest Terms and Conditions (this only applies to users whose mandator doesn&#39;t have an AIS license)&lt;br&gt; - the bank connection interface flag &#39;userActionRequired&#39; has to be false&lt;br&gt; - the previous update using the stored credentials did not fail due to the credentials being incorrect (or there was no previous update with the stored credentials)&lt;br&gt; - the bank that the bank connection relates to is included in the automatic batch update (please contact your Sys-Admin for details about the batch update configuration)&lt;br&gt;- at least one of the bank&#39;s supported data sources can be used by finAPI for your client (i.e.: if a bank supports only web scraping, but web scraping is disabled for your client, then bank connections of that bank will not get updated by the automatic batch update)&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Also note that the automatic batch update must generally be enabled for your client for this field to have any effect.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;WARNING: The automatic update will always download transactions and security positions for any account that it updates, even if the account was previously imported or updated with &#39;skipPositionsDownload&#39; &#x3D; true.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Default value is false. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
